feat(daffio, docs): add color palette generator to color docs page (#4379)
graycoreio/daffodil: libs/design/guides/foundations/color.md

<daffio-example-viewer example="color-palettes" simple></daffio-example-viewer>

## Color palette generator

> Use this generator to create your own color palettes based on a single input color. The generator uses the HSLuv color space to provide perceptually uniform and user-friendly colour representation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this generator to create custom color palettes from a single hex color. It uses the HSLuv color space to produce perceptually uniform colors, ensuring consistent lightness and contrast across each palette step.
```

You can then customize your theme with the generated palette by following the [create custom palettes](/libs/design/guides/theming/customize-your-own-theme.md#create-custom-palettes) guide.

> <daffio-example-viewer example="color-palette-generator" simple><daffio-example-viewer>

Reviewer: closing tag is missing `/`
